OSE - Oblivion Save Editor 0.0.1
===

WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Many of the modifications that can be made have not been fully tested. Be sure
to make a backup of your savefile before you make any changes. If your save
file gets messed up I may be able to prevent it from happening again in the
future but I will NOT be able to recover your file, you have been warned!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Intro
-----
This is a working save editor (very early stages) that can import save files
from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion game. Currently editable are:

	- savefile header's
		o major version
		o minor version
		o save number
		o saved date stamp
		o screenshot
		o player name
		o player level
		o player location string
	- player's
		o base health
		o base magicka
		o base fatigue
		o base attributes
		o skills
		o factions (only a few supported, fations.data needs updating to allow
		  support for more. This can be done without recompiling OSE)
			* Amend factions the player is already a member of
			* Add player to new factions

With plenty more planned, I'm working through the file format documents to see
what I'm able to grant access to.
		
Savefiles supported
-------------------
In theory this should work on both XBox360 and PC saves, however only XBox360
saves have been tested so far. The only caveat is that the save file needs to
be extracted from the Container file before you can edit it. This can be done
using a program such as Le Fluffie. After editing the save file needs to be
injected back into the container file, again Le Fluffie can help, and then the
container file needs to be rehashed and resigned. I'm not going to go into the
details as there are plenty of good tutorials on the internet on how to do
this.

Usage
-----
The save file to be edited needs to be saved into the same directory as the OSE
executable and it needs to be named gamedata.dat (this will be user selectable
in future versions). Selecting file->open from the menu bar will read the save
file in, once opened you can start editing it. Clicking save, or file->save,
will create a modified savefile in the New directory (this too will be user
selectable in future versions).

Source Code
-----------
The source code for this application can be found here:
<https://github.com/Dasaan/OSE>

Packaged Application
--------------------
Currently this is source code only but one I've reached what I feel to be a
logical point I'll build a package and upload it to Github.

Acknowledgements
----------------
A massive thank you to the Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages for their extremely
detailed information on the various files used by Oblivion. In particular their
information on the savefile structure which can be found here:
<http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Tes4Mod:Save_File_Format>